Docs for embeddings (#554)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/components/embeddings/huggingface.md

---
title: 'HuggingFace Text Embedding Models'
sidebar_label: 'HuggingFace'
sidebar_position: 2
---

To run an embedding model from HuggingFace, specify the `huggingface` path in `from`. This will handle downloading and running the embedding model locally.
```yaml
embeddings:
  - from: huggingface:huggingface.co/sentence-transformers/all-MiniLM-L6-v2
    name: all_minilm_l6_v2
```

Supported models include:

>  - All tagged as [text-embeddings-inference](https://huggingface.co/models?other=text-embeddings-inference) on Huggingface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - All models tagged as [text-embeddings-inference](https://huggingface.co/models?other=text-embeddings-inference) on Huggingface
```

>  - Any Huggingface repository with sufficient files to be loaded as a [local embedding model](/components/embeddings/local.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Any Huggingface repository with the correct files to be loaded as a [local embedding model](/components/embeddings/local.md).
```
